docs/manage_data.md, before:

<a href="https://www.flaskdata.io">![Screenshot](img/flaskdata_logo.PNG)</a>
#Manage Data

##Learning Objectives
* Understand the data entry controls
* Enter, save, edit data
* Mark CRF complete
* [View Audit history](./manage_forms.md#hamburger)

##Add subject
* Site CRC and PI roles can add subjects.
* Study role- Administrator cannot add new subjects
For additional information [how to add subject](./manage_subjects.md#add-subject).

Video tutorial on how the CRC can send an event to a Subject.

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/zTolyUgMM7c" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>



##Scheduling events
* Events can be scheduled before a data entry.
* Scheduling an event simply means entering the (planned) start date of that event for that subject. 
  You can schedule a number of events at once, or just schedule them when you wish to start data entry for the eCRFs.
  
###Create event by CRF
In the subject page, after selecting a subject, there is a green **CREATE EVENT** button
  
This button open the **Create event group** card with event lists.
  
Check the relevant event.
  
![Screenshot](img/newManageData/subeventCreateEvent.png)
  
The event will be added to the subject's events list.
  
###Enter Data
Site role user can enter data in each CRF in the event.
  
![Screenshot](img/subjects/subject_flask_events_enter_data.PNG)

With the CRF opened, the user can enter the data. At the end of the CRF, there are the following options:

* Mark as close - If you mark CRF as 'Closed', you will be not able to change the data next time (unless the customer admin user reopen the CRF).
* Save and back - Saves this CRF and goes back to the previous CRF in this event.
* Save and next - Saves this CRF and goes to the next CRF in this event.
  
![Screenshot](img/subjects/flaks_events_enter_crf_data.PNG)

After site role users (i.e. CRC) enters data, the last edited and status values are updated.
  
![Screenshot](img/subjects/flask_event_last_edited.PNG)
   
###Edit Data
After user entered data he/she can edit data, as long as the CRF is not closed.

The Enter data button shifts to Edit Data button.

###Add CRF/ Delete Event

In the end on the event's CRFs list there are 2 buttons:
  
* **ADD CRF** to add CRF in this event.
* **DELETE EVENT** to delete this event.
  
![Screenshot](img/subjects/flask_events_delete_event.PNG)
  
!!! info
 
    If subject has PRO all first period PRO events are generated when the subject created.
    
   ![Screenshot](img/subjects/flask_events_pro.PNG)

##Short video example of adding subject and inserting data

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/tTwSPX_E6co" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/inO37AKVM5Y" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Commit message:

adding more video tutorials and documentation

docs/manage_data.md, after:

<a href="https://www.flaskdata.io">![Screenshot](img/flaskdata_logo.PNG)</a>
#Manage Data

##Learning Objectives
* Understand the data entry controls
* Enter, save, edit data
* Mark CRF complete
* [View Audit history](./manage_forms.md#hamburger)

##Add subject
* Site CRC and PI roles can add subjects.
* Study role- Administrator cannot add new subjects
For additional information [how to add subject](./manage_subjects.md#add-subject).

Video tutorial on how the CRC can send an event to a Subject.

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/zTolyUgMM7c" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>



##Scheduling events
* Events can be scheduled before a data entry.
* Scheduling an event simply means entering the (planned) start date of that event for that subject. 
  You can schedule a number of events at once, or just schedule them when you wish to start data entry for the eCRFs.
  
###Create event by CRF
In the subject page, after selecting a subject, there is a green **CREATE EVENT** button
  
This button open the **Create event group** card with event lists.
  
Check the relevant event.
  
![Screenshot](img/newManageData/subeventCreateEvent.png)
  
The event will be added to the subject's events list.
  
###Enter Data
Site role user can enter data in each CRF in the event.
  
![Screenshot](img/subjects/subject_flask_events_enter_data.PNG)

With the CRF opened, the user can enter the data. At the end of the CRF, there are the following options:

* Mark as close - If you mark CRF as 'Closed', you will be not able to change the data next time (unless the customer admin user reopen the CRF).
* Save and back - Saves this CRF and goes back to the previous CRF in this event.
* Save and next - Saves this CRF and goes to the next CRF in this event.
  
![Screenshot](img/subjects/flaks_events_enter_crf_data.PNG)

After site role users (i.e. CRC) enters data, the last edited and status values are updated.
  
![Screenshot](img/subjects/flask_event_last_edited.PNG)


Subject can enter data via event diary. 
After the CRC invited the subject to log their data, the subject can follow this video tutorial. 
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/IlQ5TAJSjZ4" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>


###Edit Data
After user entered data he/she can edit data, as long as the CRF is not closed.

The Enter data button shifts to Edit Data button.

###Add CRF/ Delete Event

In the end on the event's CRFs list there are 2 buttons:
  
* **ADD CRF** to add CRF in this event.
* **DELETE EVENT** to delete this event.
  
![Screenshot](img/subjects/flask_events_delete_event.PNG)
  
!!! info
 
    If subject has PRO all first period PRO events are generated when the subject created.
    
   ![Screenshot](img/subjects/flask_events_pro.PNG)

##Short video example of adding subject and inserting data

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/tTwSPX_E6co" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/inO37AKVM5Y" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
